hello fellow utopians I'm here to speak
to you guys about the things that
constantly repeat see I miss dad too I
don't know that much about you guys for
some odd reason I think to constantly
notice on those things just keep
repeating and repeating over and over
and over and over and over jump over
read your work over dance over and over
over and over and over again let's try
doing something differently change is
needed I know one thing I'm not gonna
stand here and let things repeat I'm
gonna make change happen watch oh don't
you look good you do not look attractive
you're so ugly put on makeup hey there
buddy don't try to sweet-talk me don't
listen you look good everything's okay
your hair looks pretty don't bother me
with your thinking kill yourself change
now you're dead it's no go away don't be
like see go go go go away change you
scared winter away I got my stuff in
line I will fit it all the time they'll
play around with my report backwards I
port to the side that's what you call
swag it's a wag the wag play sag tag
y'all don't touch me full I'm bust a cap
in your swag change your knowledge Ian
you don't have sweat yantai oh soneya
huh your friendship bang myself da
madeira yadira ha really Sonia yoga tom
subsea dollar subsidy the computer aha
really sorry
Oh to such moderna really Tanya man i'm
sonya tell any other chick in the matter
oh hey muchachita mat bolo ah that's
what you are chita chita chita Anjali
mudra mat bolo raleigh tonight change
now you're in a bollywood movie hey got
oh the cameras other way hey the girl
well my dogs ever click the like button
comment rate and subscribe check check
the links below so many leg ah sexion no
dearie of your wheel you're near you
you're never you we are you change no
you're not